Add docs for priority class (#111580)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-configuring-priority-class.adoc

// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-gcp.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-mcg.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-ocs.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-kubevirt.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-configuring-priority-class_{context}"]
= Configuring a priority class for node agent and Velero pods

[role="_abstract"]
Configure a `priorityClassName` field for the node agent and Velero pods by editing the `DataProtectionApplication` (DPA) custom resource (CR). This helps you ensure that the Kubernetes scheduler prioritizes {oadp-short} pods during resource contention.

By setting a priority class, you ensure that critical {oadp-short} pods are scheduled first after events such as worker node outages, when user workloads might otherwise consume available resources.

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the {oadp-short} Operator.
* You have configured a `DataProtectionApplication` CR.

> * A `PriorityClass` object must exist in the cluster.

Reviewer: - The last item is not parallel to the others. How about one of the following rewrites instead?
- Plus we already expanded what DPA stands for, we may as well use it to our advantage. Consider replacing `DataProtectionApplication` CR with DPA CR throughout the whole module.

Like this (passive voice is fine for prerequisites)

```suggestion
* The {oadp-short} Operator is installed.
* A DPA CR is configured.
* A `PriorityClass` object is created in the cluster.
```

OR (but mind you, I'm not sure it is the same person to create ALL from the prerequisites AND configure priority class)

```suggestion
* You have installed the {oadp-short} Operator.
* You have configured a DPA CR.
* You have created a `PriorityClass` object in the cluster.
```

.Procedure

> . Edit the DPA manifest and configure the `priorityClassName` field in the `podConfig` object of the `DataProtectionApplication` CR for the node agent, Velero, or both, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: We mention DPA twice (with variations - as a manifest and a CR) in one step. We can drop one instance. Perhaps something like this instead, WDYT?

```suggestion
. In your DPA CR, configure the `priorityClassName` field for the node agent, Velero, or both, in the `podConfig` object as shown in the following example:
```

+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: <dpa_name>
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
# ...
  configuration:
    nodeAgent:
      enable: true
      uploaderType: kopia
      podConfig:
        priorityClassName: <priority_class_name>
    velero:
      podConfig:
        priorityClassName: <priority_class_name>
----
+
where:

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

A plus (+) sign is not needed between a leading sentence and a first item in the list.

`<priority_class_name>`:: Specifies the name of an existing `PriorityClass` to apply to the pods managed by this `podConfig` object. For example, `system-cluster-critical`.

. Apply the `DataProtectionApplication` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal,subs="+quotes"]
----
$ oc apply -f <dpa_file_name>
----
+
where:

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Not needed before first item in a list.

> `<dpa_file_name>`:: Specifies the file name of the `DataProtectionApplication` CR.

Reviewer: Looking at it further, I think the provided generic name (<dpa_file_name>) is self-explanatory already so I'd consider dropping this description list altogether. WDYT?

Author: done. thanks!

.Verification

. Verify that the node agent daemon set pods have the correct priority class by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pods -n openshift-adp -l name=node-agent -o jsonpath='{range .items[*]}{.metadata.name}{" "}{.spec.priorityClassName}{"\n"}{end}'
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
node-agent-xxxxx system-cluster-critical

> node-agent-yyyyy system-cluster-critical

Reviewer: I think priority class matching with those from the 1st step would provide a more consistent experience to users, WDYT? So either use a real priority class name in step 1 in DPA example (system-cluster-critical instead of  <priority_class_name>) or keep it generic here too.

```suggestion
node-agent-xxxxx <priority_class_name>
node-agent-yyyyy <priority_class_name>
```

----

. Verify that the Velero deployment pods have the correct priority class by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pods -n openshift-adp -l app.kubernetes.io/name=velero -o jsonpath='{range .items[*]}{.metadata.name}{" "}{.spec.priorityClassName}{"\n"}{end}'
----
+
[source,terminal]
----

> velero-xxxxx system-cluster-critical

Reviewer: Same as before: I think priority class matching with those from the 1st step would provide a more consistent experience to users, WDYT? So either use a real priority class name in step 1 in DPA example (system-cluster-critical instead of <priority_class_name>) or keep it generic here too.

```suggestion
velero-xxxxx <priority_class_name>
```
